# Displays

Displays are the building blocks of CIRCUS CS result presentation. A display is a React comopnent that can do the following:

- Takes plug-in results and shows them in various formats. For example, the `LesionCandidate` display can mark the locations of the candidates output by a plug-in.
- Accesses files generated by the plug-in.
- Retrieves feedback data from users.

CIRCUS administrators can configure displays to customize how plug-in results are displayed and how feedbacks are obtained from users.

Some displays can contain sub-displays to fetch nested feedback data. For example, see `LesionCandidate`.

Plug-in authors can make a custom display (i.e., React component) to show plug-in results in an arbitrary way or collect complex feedback data from users. Custom displays must be packaged in the plug-in package file along with the main plug-in executable. See developer-guide for details.

## Configure Displays

Each plug-in can provide a default display configuration. Administrators can customize this via plug-in configuration admin menu.

## Bulit-in displays

Built-in displays are

Currently, the following displays are available.

### `Dump` display

The `Dump` display shows all data from the plug-in. This is mainly for debugging purpose.

### `LesionCandidate` display

#### Requirements

Plug-in results must contain an array data containing the locations of points in the following format:

```json
[]
```

#### Options

- `maxCandidates`: The maximum number of candidates that can be displayed.
- `sortBy`: Sorts the displays according to the key.
- `confidenceThreshold`: Candidates with confidence below this value will not be displayed.
- `feedbackListener`: Can be used to collect feedback data for each displayed methods.

#### Nested Dispaly to Collect Feedback

### `Locator` display

`Locator` is a display whose primary function is to collect feedback. It shows a volume viewer and let the user click on it to specify the location of a point of interest. Typically, this can be used to collect location data of lesions that were undected by CADe plug-ins (i.e., false negatives).

### `Choice` display

`Choice` is a simple display to collect feedback by showing toggle buttons or a select input.

### `VolumeOverlay` display

`VolumeOverlay` is a display that shows the original volume data and volume data overlaied on it. Typically, this can be used by plug-ins which perform volumetry and segmentation.
