---
title: Presenting CAD Results
---

Results from a plug-in are displayed on screen via modules called **"displays"**. A display is the main building block of CIRCUS CS result presentation. It can do the following:

- Takes plug-in results and shows them in various formats. For example, the `LesionCandidate` display can mark the locations of the candidates output by a plug-in.
- Accesses all the files generated by the plug-in.
- Collects feedback data from users. For example, the `Choice` display can show toggle buttions and let users click one of them.

## Display Strategy

The `displayStategy` is a JSON-serializable array of objects that defines how to use displays. Each plug-in installed on CIRCUS is associated with this object. It looks like this:

```json
[
  {
    //
  }
]
```

Each plug-in provides a **default** display strategy, which will be installed to the CIRCUS system along with the plug-in itself. However, administrators can **customize** the display strategy via plug-in configuration screen. This means that administrators can change how results are displayed or what type of feedback they want to collect from users.

## Collecting Feedback

### Personal Feedback and Consensual Feedback

## Built-in Displays and Custom Displays

### Building Your Own Display

Interanally, displays are implemented as React components. A developer with the knowledge about React can provide a custom display (i.e., React component) to show plug-in results in an arbitrary way or collect complex feedback data from users. For details, see [Custom Result Display](./custom-display.md).
